It's called POSADA (personal open source automated digital assistant). It's a open source digital assistant. The primary use cases are financial (paying bills, transferring money, etc). It will open source and user hosted. People host their assistant on pre-loaded, plug and play raspberry pi 3s. Hopefully there will be a community of developers that will share integrations (ie, scraping scripts). So if I want my assistant to work with my local bank, I build an intergration and now anyone else that has the same bank can connect to it.
POSADA's logic will be programmable as well. So you can customize when it alerts you, requests confirmation, or automatically transfers money from one account to another to pay a bill.

One of the use cases I'm most excited about is the ability of POSADA to make donations to organization and charities you care about. So rather than setting up an auto-pay thing with a 3rd party, you tell POSADA how much you want to give, how frequently, and can even adjust the amount based on an assessment of your current financial position. The user would be in total control and I hope that will encourage more people to financial support media outlets, open source projects, and other worthy causes on a regular, sustaining basis.
I've got a mobile app prototype that handles two factor authentication and will eventually grow to become the front end of the assistant. I'm currently leveraging the built in speech-to-text capabilities of android phone to allow the user to communicate with their assistant via voice.
